title: Plug in TextMate
slug: plug-in-textmate
date: 2009-03-22 22:22
tags: textmate

Funny that I didn't know until a short while ago that my favorite text editor [TextMate](http://macromates.com/) supports plug-ins. Even funnier: With [ProjectPlus](http://ciaranwal.sh/2008/08/05/textmate-plug-in-projectplus) the lighty light TextMate almost becomes a mini IDE.

Funny.
title: Plug in TextMate
slug: plug-in-textmate
date: 2009-03-22 22:22
tags: textmate

Funny that I didn't know until a short while ago that my favorite text editor [TextMate](http://macromates.com/) supports plug-ins. Even funnier: With [ProjectPlus](http://ciaranwal.sh/2008/08/05/textmate-plug-in-projectplus) the lighty light TextMate almost becomes a mini IDE.

Funny.
title: Plug in TextMate
slug: plug-in-textmate
date: 2009-03-22 22:22
tags: textmate

Funny that I didn't know until a short while ago that my favorite text editor [TextMate](http://macromates.com/) supports plug-ins. Even funnier: With [ProjectPlus](http://ciaranwal.sh/2008/08/05/textmate-plug-in-projectplus) the lighty light TextMate almost becomes a mini IDE.

Funny.
title: Plug in TextMate
slug: plug-in-textmate
date: 2009-03-22 22:22
tags: textmate

Funny that I didn't know until a short while ago that my favorite text editor [TextMate](http://macromates.com/) supports plug-ins. Even funnier: With [ProjectPlus](http://ciaranwal.sh/2008/08/05/textmate-plug-in-projectplus) the lighty light TextMate almost becomes a mini IDE.

Funny.
title: Plug in TextMate
slug: plug-in-textmate
date: 2009-03-22 22:22
tags: textmate

Funny that I didn't know until a short while ago that my favorite text editor [TextMate](http://macromates.com/) supports plug-ins. Even funnier: With [ProjectPlus](http://ciaranwal.sh/2008/08/05/textmate-plug-in-projectplus) the lighty light TextMate almost becomes a mini IDE.

Funny.
title: Plug in TextMate
slug: plug-in-textmate
date: 2009-03-22 22:22
tags: textmate

Funny that I didn't know until a short while ago that my favorite text editor [TextMate](http://macromates.com/) supports plug-ins. Even funnier: With [ProjectPlus](http://ciaranwal.sh/2008/08/05/textmate-plug-in-projectplus) the lighty light TextMate almost becomes a mini IDE.

Funny.
title: Plug in TextMate
slug: plug-in-textmate
date: 2009-03-22 22:22
tags: textmate

Funny that I didn't know until a short while ago that my favorite text editor [TextMate](http://macromates.com/) supports plug-ins. Even funnier: With [ProjectPlus](http://ciaranwal.sh/2008/08/05/textmate-plug-in-projectplus) the lighty light TextMate almost becomes a mini IDE.

Funny.
title: Plug in TextMate
slug: plug-in-textmate
date: 2009-03-22 22:22
tags: textmate

Funny that I didn't know until a short while ago that my favorite text editor [TextMate](http://macromates.com/) supports plug-ins. Even funnier: With [ProjectPlus](http://ciaranwal.sh/2008/08/05/textmate-plug-in-projectplus) the lighty light TextMate almost becomes a mini IDE.

Funny.
